Oh
way mu is like fun rainstorm our house
of cards you're the kind of reckless
that should send me bread and butter
kinda know that I won't get far and you
stood there in front of me just close
enough to touch
close enough to hope you couldn't see
what I was thinking of drop everything
now leave me in the pouring rain
me kiss me on a sidewalk take away the
pain is I see sparks fly whenever you
smile give me with the screen nurse baby
as the lights go down give me something
little ha me when you're not
round I see sparks fly never you
smile
oh my mouth forget to remind me you're a
bad idea you touch me one thing is
really something we find I'm even better
than you imagined I would be I'm on my
guard for the rest of the world but with
you know it's no good I could wait
patiently but really wish you would drop
everything now meet me in the pouring
rain
kiss me on the sidewalk take away the
pain is I see sparks fly never use now
give me with those green eyes baby as
the lights go down give me something
we win you
not around I see sparks fly never
I run my fingers through your hair and
watch the lights go out just keep on
keeping your
zombies hey guys so I hope that you
enjoyed this video and don't forget to
check out the strawberries that I
featured in this video I don't know
about you guys but I'm obsessed with
chocolate-covered strawberries and every
time I month the mall I like run into
Godiva chocolate and always buy one but
they are super expensive and the
strawberries that i showed in this video
are seriously so good i was a little bit
skeptical when i first got them just
because you never know some people make
their strawberries different but these
are really really good like you can do a
bunch of different things to them and
you can have them dipped in white
chocolate dark chocolate regular
chocolate there's some with nuts like
you saw in the video and it's just a
bunch of really cool things you can do
with them and i also have a discount
link the i will or discount code that i
will link down below for you guys and
this just a really cool sweet little
gesture you can get for even your
friends or your mom it's just a sweet
gesture that you can give to someone her
valentine's day doesn't even have to be
like a boyfriend or girlfriend it can
just be like a friend someone in your
family your mom your dad just anyone um
that you know you're close to and you
can give just to show that you know
you're thinking about them and they're
so delicious i literally cannot stress
to you enough how good these
strawberries are like when me and dylan
we're eating them in the video we were
like oh my gosh these are so good so i
will have the discount code link down
below and i hope you guys enjoyed this
video and i will talk to you guys later
bye